README.md, before:

# bbzfc

An open-source system for creating Tank Battle Portals

![bbzfc](assets/images/bbzfc-tank-battle-portal-logo.png "bbzfc")


## Documentation

Currently, you can take a look at:

- [What's a Tank Battle Portal?](docs/definition_of_tank_battle_portal.md)
- [bbzfc specs](docs/bbzfc_specs.md)
- [List of possible 3D game engines](docs/possible_3d_game_engines.md)
- [For historical reference](docs/for_historical_reference.md)


## Contributing

Anyone can contribute. Clone this repository, write some code, and submit a pull request. Core contributors will be
given write access to this repository.


## Forum

A forum has been setup at [http://forum.bbzfc.net/](http://forum.bbzfc.net/). Several categories exist on the forum
for the following purposes:

- Project announcements. See the **Announcements** category.
- Day-2-day updates. See the **Blogs** category.
- General discussions about project (development, roadmap, etc.). See the **General Discussion** category.
- User concerns and requests. See the **Comments & Feedback** category.


## Real time chat

The purpose of real time chat is to quickly connect and discuss ideas and/or concerns in real time. Real time chat is
not a permanent place, so don't expect to find documentation there. Also, don't expect for real time chat logs (if such
exist) to always be available. A last note - everyone is welcome to join = )

- IRC channel. Please connect to the IRC channel **#bbzfc** on the  **freenode** server. You can find the logs of this
channel at [http://irclog.bbzfc.net/](http://irclog.bbzfc.net/).
- Slack collaboration. Access URL is [https://bbzfc.slack.com/](https://bbzfc.slack.com/) (please send an e-mail to
<admin@bbzfc.net> if you are unable to join/register on the forum).


## License

The **bbzfc** project source code is released under **The MIT License (MIT)**. Please see [LICENSE](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Added project road map phase 1.

README.md, after:

# bbzfc

An open-source system for creating Tank Battle Portals

![bbzfc](assets/images/bbzfc-tank-battle-portal-logo.png "bbzfc")


## Documentation

Currently, you can take a look at:

- [What's a Tank Battle Portal?](docs/definition_of_tank_battle_portal.md)
- [bbzfc specs](docs/bbzfc_specs.md)
- [List of possible 3D game engines](docs/possible_3d_game_engines.md)
- [For historical reference](docs/for_historical_reference.md)


## Road Map

At this stage, there is no definite timeline. Just a road map that the **bbzfc** development will try to take.

![bbzfc road map phase 1](assets/images/bbzfc-road-map-phase-1.png "bbzfc road map phase 1")

What does the **Phase 1** mean? The road map, and it's future, is discussed thoroughly in
[bbzfc: project road map](docs/project_roadmap.md).


## Contributing

Anyone can contribute. Clone this repository, write some code, and submit a pull request. Core contributors will be
given write access to this repository.


## Forum

A forum has been setup at [http://forum.bbzfc.net/](http://forum.bbzfc.net/). Several categories exist on the forum
for the following purposes:

- Project announcements. See the **Announcements** category.
- Day-2-day updates. See the **Blogs** category.
- General discussions about project (development, roadmap, etc.). See the **General Discussion** category.
- User concerns and requests. See the **Comments & Feedback** category.


## Real time chat

The purpose of real time chat is to quickly connect and discuss ideas and/or concerns in real time. Real time chat is
not a permanent place, so don't expect to find documentation there. Also, don't expect for real time chat logs (if such
exist) to always be available. A last note - everyone is welcome to join = )

- IRC channel. Please connect to the IRC channel **#bbzfc** on the  **freenode** server. You can find the logs of this
channel at [http://irclog.bbzfc.net/](http://irclog.bbzfc.net/).
- Slack collaboration. Access URL is [https://bbzfc.slack.com/](https://bbzfc.slack.com/) (please send an e-mail to
<admin@bbzfc.net> if you are unable to join/register on the forum).


## License

The **bbzfc** project source code is released under **The MIT License (MIT)**. Please see [LICENSE](LICENSE).
